hey how's it going Dave 2d here so
amazon reached out to me and they said
hey Dave we'd like to partner with you
to make a gift guide for tech under $100
and I said sure that sounds like a great
idea
but I didn't want to cover tech that was
geared towards tech enthusiasts I wanted
to do stuff that I would give to my
family and my friends for the holidays
and in front of me are four relatively
simple items that are tech related
they're for people that enjoy tech but
they're not super complicated
okay so first up we have the tile Pro
combo pack these are some new tractors
from tile they're basically tiny
Bluetooth beacons and you can stick them
on anything your wallet your purse your
backpack your keys basically anything
that you want to keep track of through a
location device this is perfect for it
it can be something that you misplace
once in a while like your keys and you
can keep track of it or it can be
something a little more substantial like
if you're traveling you can stick it in
your luggage and if you're within 200
feet or so you can keep tabs on it and
these new ones come in a nicer design
than they did before they have better
range and they're still super easy to
set up next up is the data traveler from
Kingston so this one looks like a simple
USB key and it is it functions as a USB
key when you want it to but if you'll
notice it actually has a lightning
connector so this plugs right into your
iPhone and it allows you to offload and
store photos and videos and obviously
you can use this device to transfer
between your computer or your family and
friends or just use it as a backup
device it comes in a few sizes this
one's 64 gigs and it holds a lot but
it's a great gift for anyone who has an
iPhone especially the older ones with
smaller capacities but just anyone who
has an iPhone who doesn't have access to
a computer or doesn't know how to use
your computer to frequently backup their
stuff it's a Tunya device and it gives
you a lot of extra storage at a
reasonable price okay next up we have
the Dymo mobile abler and this thing is
a Bluetooth label maker which might seem
like a dorky gift at first because all
it does is make labels but for the right
person this thing is awesome for someone
who's really organized or with likes to
be organized and wants their stuff
labelled and printed out it's so cool
you're labeling jars storage boxes any
kind of household stuff or if you'd like
to have organized cabling or storage
basically if you know someone who likes
having stuff organized there
enjoy this and this particular unit is
Bluetooth enabled so there's no buttons
and keyboards on this thing to
complicate it it's all done through an
app on your phone you create the label
in the app and then you print it out
remotely it's super easy to use okay
last up we have the Amazon echo dot and
this is probably the most techie device
of all the things in here because it can
be used for some very advanced home
automation and stuff but for the people
that aren't super techy this is a great
hub for voice-activated music controls
or just as like a personal assistant and
it can even read out audiobooks from
audible it's really easy to set up and
super inexpensive so that's basically it
for great gifts for people that aren't
super tech savvy all of this stuff is
linked in the video description below I
hope you guys enjoyed this video the
thumbs be liked it subs we loved it
see you guys next time
you